Sing a song, we'll all sing along
with the Mother Goose Club.
The Mother Goose Club!
[Beep] Powering up.
[Robotic Noises]
Let's play robots.
Let's
all...
do the robot dance!
[music plays]
Ro ro robot
Go go gobot
Rockin' robot,
Do the robot dance
Rock, rock around the clock
Rock, rock around the block
Rockin' robot
Do the robot dance
Rockin' robot,
Popping to the beat
Rockin' robot
Bopping down the street.
Stopping for a treat,
Rockin' robot
Hop on metal feet!
Let's rock!
[music plays]
Do the robot dance!
Rockin' robot
Do the robot dance
Ro ro robot
Go go gobot
Rockin' robot
Do the robot dance.
Rock, rock around the clock
Rock, rock around the block
Rockin' robot
Do the robot dance
Popping to the beat
Rockin' robot
Bopping down the street
Stopping for a treat
Rockin' robot
Let's robot you and me!
Do the robot dance
Rockin' robot
Do the robot dance!
Thanks for playing with us! Powering down! [beep]
[music plays]
[laughter]